README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wocommunity/wolifecycle-maven-plugin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wocommunity/wolifecycle-maven-plugin)

# WOLifecycle Maven Plugin

The wolifecycle-maven-plugin is a Maven plugin to assist in the development and packaging of WebObjects applications and frameworks.

**Version**: 2.3

## Usage

You must add the wolifecycle-maven-plugin to the pom.xml in the `build` section according to the following snippet:

```
<build>
  <plugins>
    <plugin>
      <groupId>org.wocommunity</groupId>
      <artifactId>wolifecycle-maven-plugin</artifactId>
      <version>2.3</version>
      <extensions>true</extensions>
    </plugin>
  </plugins>
</build>
```

You can configure the `packaging` property if you want your Maven build to produce a WO framework package:

```
<packaging>woframework</packaging>
```

Or to build a WO application package:

```
<packaging>woapplication</packaging>
```

## Configuration

This plugin comes with some options that you can change in the `configuration` section of the plugin.

- **flattenResources**: Flatten all Resources and WebServerResouces into the Resources folder of the application/framework package.
- **readPatternsets**: Include Resources and WebResources files according to an existing patternset files.
- **skipAppleProvidedFrameworks**: Do not include Apple WebObjects libraries when building application packages.
- **includeJavaClientClassesInWebServerResources**: Include  JavaClientClasses in the WebServerResources package.

Every option is disabled by default.

## History

The maven-wolifecycle-plugin was initially developed by Andrus Adamchik and Ulrich Köster in the context of the WOProject/WOLips<sup>1</sup> with the support of [objectstyle.org](http://objectstyle.org). In 2012, the control of the WOLips project was handed to [wocommunity.org](http://wocommunity.org). At some point, managing the changes of the maven-wolifecyle-plugin inside the WOLips project became cumbersome. This project was created to overcome these obstacles.

<sup>1</sup> WOLips is an Eclipse plugin to develop WebObjects applications.

Commit message:

Introduce "flattenComponent" option. Similar to flattenResources the flattenComponent option will flatten all WOComponent (and EOModeld) resources from Resouces and Components folders into the applications Resources folder. But in contrast to flattenResources it will leave all other folders intact.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wocommunity/wolifecycle-maven-plugin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wocommunity/wolifecycle-maven-plugin)

# WOLifecycle Maven Plugin

The wolifecycle-maven-plugin is a Maven plugin to assist in the development and packaging of WebObjects applications and frameworks.

**Version**: 2.3

## Usage

You must add the wolifecycle-maven-plugin to the pom.xml in the `build` section according to the following snippet:

```
<build>
  <plugins>
    <plugin>
      <groupId>org.wocommunity</groupId>
      <artifactId>wolifecycle-maven-plugin</artifactId>
      <version>2.3</version>
      <extensions>true</extensions>
    </plugin>
  </plugins>
</build>
```

You can configure the `packaging` property if you want your Maven build to produce a WO framework package:

```
<packaging>woframework</packaging>
```

Or to build a WO application package:

```
<packaging>woapplication</packaging>
```

## Configuration

This plugin comes with some options that you can change in the `configuration` section of the plugin.

- **flattenResources**: Flatten all Resources and WebServerResouces into the Resources folder of the application/framework package. All nested folders other than wo and eomodeld are dissolved.
- **flattenComponents**: Flatten only the WOComponents and EOModels from Resources or Components folders. All other files and directories keep their original nesting structure. 
- **readPatternsets**: Include Resources and WebResources files according to an existing patternset files in the woproject folder. The files here get added *in addition* to anything in the Resources and Component folders processed by default. Also those files and folders will not get flattened.
- **skipAppleProvidedFrameworks**: Do not include Apple WebObjects libraries when building application packages.
- **includeJavaClientClassesInWebServerResources**: Include  JavaClientClasses in the WebServerResources package.

Every option is disabled by default.

## History

The maven-wolifecycle-plugin was initially developed by Andrus Adamchik and Ulrich Köster in the context of the WOProject/WOLips<sup>1</sup> with the support of [objectstyle.org](http://objectstyle.org). In 2012, the control of the WOLips project was handed to [wocommunity.org](http://wocommunity.org). At some point, managing the changes of the maven-wolifecyle-plugin inside the WOLips project became cumbersome. This project was created to overcome these obstacles.

<sup>1</sup> WOLips is an Eclipse plugin to develop WebObjects applications.
